README.md, before:

# Pow

A Flutter app to manage customers, inventory and billings of a swimming centre, Samarahan Power Penguin Swimming Club. It can run on Android of version 5 and above. It uses Firebase Cloud Firestore as database.

</br> 

## Understanding Pow

The features of this app are as follows: 
 
● Log In 
 
● Manage Billing 
 - Add billing 
 - View billing 
 
● Manage Inventory 
 - Add item 
 - View item 
 - Edit item 
 - Delete item 
 
● Manage Customers 
 - Add customer 
 - View customer 
 - Edit customer 
 - Delete customer 
 
● Log Out

</br> 

## Installing Pow

> **_NOTE:_**  Refer to this [article](https://android.gadgethacks.com/how-to/android-basics-see-what-kind-processor-you-have-arm-arm64-x86-0168051/) to know your device's CPU architecture.

Download the specific APK based on your device's CPU architecture and install it.

+ [ARM](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-armeabi-v7a-release.apk)
+ [ARM64](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-arm64-v8a-release.apk)
+ [x86_64](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-x86_64-release.apk)

> **_WARNING:_** There is no apk for x86 Android. This is because Flutter does not currently support building for x86 Android. Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/9253) on Github.

</br> 

## Using Pow

> **_NOTE:_**  The following credentials are supplied for testing purposes only.

Log in using the following credentials:

+ Email: user1@gmail.com
+ Password: password

For detailed documentation, see the
[user manual](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/User_Manual_for_Pow.pdf).

</br> 

## User Journey

You can view the user journey of Pow [here](https://youtu.be/3Ye6e4-EWHI).

</br>

## Screens

### Log In

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/login.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Log In Screen">

### Homepage

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/homepage.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Homepage Screen">

### Dashboard

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/dashboard1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Dashboard I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/dashboard2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Dashboard II Screen">
</p>

### Billing

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing VI Screen">
</p>

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing7.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing VII Screen">

### Customers

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer VI Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer IV Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer V Screen">
</p>

### Inventory

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory VI Screen">
</p>

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory7.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory VII Screen">

### Log Out

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/logout.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Log Out Screen">

Commit message:

Added warning for release APK on emulators

README.md, after:

# Pow

A Flutter app to manage customers, inventory and billings of a swimming centre, Samarahan Power Penguin Swimming Club. It can run on Android of version 5 and above. It uses Firebase Cloud Firestore as database.

This project was started on 28/12/2019.

</br> 

## Understanding Pow

The features of this app are as follows: 
 
● Log In 
 
● Manage Billing 
 - Add billing 
 - View billing 
 
● Manage Inventory 
 - Add item 
 - View item 
 - Edit item 
 - Delete item 
 
● Manage Customers 
 - Add customer 
 - View customer 
 - Edit customer 
 - Delete customer 
 
● Log Out

</br> 

## Installing Pow

> **_NOTE:_**  Refer to this [article](https://android.gadgethacks.com/how-to/android-basics-see-what-kind-processor-you-have-arm-arm64-x86-0168051/) to know your device's CPU architecture.

Download the specific release APK based on your device's CPU architecture and install it.

+ [ARM](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-armeabi-v7a-release.apk)
+ [ARM64](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-arm64-v8a-release.apk)
+ [x86_64](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/android/app/release/app-x86_64-release.apk)

> **_WARNING I:_** There is no apk for x86 Android. This is because Flutter does not currently support building for x86 Android. Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/9253) on Github.

> **_WARNING II:_** Release APKs cannot be installed on emulators.
</br> 

## Using Pow

> **_NOTE:_**  The following credentials are supplied for testing purposes only.

Log in using the following credentials:

+ Email: user1@gmail.com
+ Password: password

For detailed documentation, see the
[user manual](https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/User_Manual_for_Pow.pdf).

</br> 

## User Journey

You can view the user journey of Pow [here](https://youtu.be/3Ye6e4-EWHI).

</br>

## Screens

### Log In

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/login.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Log In Screen">

### Homepage

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/homepage.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Homepage Screen">

### Dashboard

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/dashboard1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Dashboard I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/dashboard2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Dashboard II Screen">
</p>

### Billing

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing VI Screen">
</p>

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing7.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Billing VII Screen">

### Customers

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/customer6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer VI Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer IV Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/billing5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Customer V Screen">
</p>

### Inventory

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory1.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory I Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory2.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory II Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory3.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory III Screen">
</p>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory4.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory IV Screen">
<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory5.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory V Screen">
  <img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory6.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory VI Screen">
</p>

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/inventory7.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Inventory VII Screen">

### Log Out

<img src="https://github.com/ariessa/PowApp/blob/old/screens/logout.jpg" width="256" height="450" title="Log Out Screen">
